---
title: Don’t Take a Chance, Hire a Professional
id: d0ac5152-bf43-4b36-b4c3-4a10bf574338
---
Routine chimney maintenance is an important component to the overall health of your fireplace and chimney, and despite Internet sources that claim otherwise, it’s unlikely you can adequately clean and assess the condition of your chimney yourself. 

While there are plenty of chimney maintenance tips online, we find that none of them can replace the experience and knowledge of a professional chimney cleaning service. Homeowners who attempt to clean and repair damaged chimneys often are met with increased chimney repair costs due to their inability to properly identify and fix issues.

Instead of attempting to clean and repair your chimney yourself save time and money by hiring a professional to complete your chimney maintenance.

- A professional chimney company uses specialized vacuums to ensure all soot from the cleaning process is removed from your home, leaving it the way it was before the appointment. 
- Because they’re experts in their field, chimney cleaning professionals can clean and inspect your chimney much more quickly than homeowners. 
- Chimney cleaning companies have specialized equipment for hard to reach places deep inside your chimney to thoroughly clean and inspect the structure. 
- Cleaning a chimney means spending a lot of time on a home’s roof. Hiring a chimney cleaning service means you can stay planted on the firm ground, leaving the rooftop work to the comfortable professional. 
- A chimney professional knows best when the dangerous creosote — the dangerous by-product of burning that can catch on fire in intense heat — is fully removed from your chimney. This knowledge ensures that your chimney is clean and void of any safety threats. Chimney cleaning professionals also know who to contact if they find any animals living in your chimney. 

At chimney heroes, we can put to rest the bad advice shared online. If you live in Clifton Park, Malta, Ballston Lake, Milton, or any of the surround areas, we can make sure your chimney is cleaned and inspected quickly, using specialized tools to get the job done right. 
Routine chimney maintenance will help decrease chimney repair costs, as we can identify small problems before they grow into expensive issues. 

For more information or chimney maintenance tips, [contact us](https://chimneyheroes.com/contact) or call 518-243-8099 today.
