---
summary: We are hiring now!
meta_description: 'Popes are looking for suitably qualified electricians for Bay of Plenty (Tauranga, Papamoa & Rotorua) plus Waikato and Christchurch projects.'
meta_keywords: 'electricians  "bay of plenty" rotorua waikato christchurch'
seo:
  priority: "1.0"
title: Registered Electricians Vacancies
id: 4218757d-1e08-4ed3-bb93-312fd43830aa
---
Are you looking to be part of a dynamic, collaborative team culture where you’re valued and recognised?
 
Do you want a variety of work and the opportunity to grow your technical skills?
 
We are one of the longest-standing, reputable electrical contracting companies in New Zealand, working in both the residential and commercial sectors.  Our business is experiencing lots of growth with many new projects about to kick off in Hamilton, as well as Tauranga, Rotorua and Christchurch.
 
Our workload just keeps growing and we’re keen to find the right Qualified Electrician to grow with it. 
 
We have an energetic, well-functioning team structure, including friendly and down to earth office staff to support our technical team. We can offer a very rewarding career for the right candidate.
 
**If you have the following skills and experience we would love to hear from you:-**
	* Current NZ Electrical licence
	* NZ Residency or work visa
	* A clean full driver’s licence
	* Commercial and residential electrical experience. Heat pump installation experience is a bonus
	* Great people skills, with both customers and your workmates
	* Motivated and driven
	* Honest and reliable
	* Work to a very high standard and take pride in your work
 
**What’s in it for you:-**
	* Be part of a fantastic collaborative team culture
	* We offer competitive salaries
	* You get a company vehicle and mobile phone allowance
	* A great chance to learn and grow
	* Opportunity for flexible working hours to suit your lifestyle
	* Possible 4-day working week
 
 
 
If you would like to hear more about our company and the role, please email your CV with a covering letter to office[at]popes.co.nz - or call 07 542 3355